README.md, before:

# 
```
██████╗ ██╗   ██╗██████╗  █████╗ ███╗   ██╗ █████╗ 
██╔══██╗╚██╗ ██╔╝██╔══██╗██╔══██╗████╗  ██║██╔══██╗
██████╔╝ ╚████╔╝ ██████╔╝███████║██╔██╗ ██║███████║
██╔═══╝   ╚██╔╝  ██╔══██╗██╔══██║██║╚██╗██║██╔══██║
██║        ██║   ██║  ██║██║  ██║██║ ╚████║██║  ██║
╚═╝        ╚═╝   ╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚═╝  ╚═╝
                                                     
███████╗ ██████╗██╗  ██╗ ██████╗  ██████╗ ██╗      
██╔════╝██╔════╝██║  ██║██╔═══██╗██╔═══██╗██║      
███████╗██║     ███████║██║   ██║██║   ██║██║      
╚════██║██║     ██╔══██║██║   ██║██║   ██║██║      
███████║╚██████╗██║  ██║╚██████╔╝╚██████╔╝███████╗ 
╚══════╝ ╚═════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝ ╚═════╝  ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝ 
```

> 🚀 **Welcome to Pyrana School** - Where we share the techstack, best practices, and collective wisdom of the Pyrana team with our fam and friends!

## 🎯 What is Pyrana School?

Pyrana School is our knowledge hub - a place where we document, share, and teach everything we've learned building awesome stuff. Whether you're part of the core Pyrana team, a friend of Pyrana, or just curious about how we roll, you'll find valuable insights here.

## 👥 Who's This For?

- **Pyrana Fam** 💙 - Our amazing team members
- **Friends of Pyrana** 🤝 - Extended network and collaborators
- **Future Pyranhas** 🐟 - Anyone interested in joining our journey

## 📚 What You'll Find Here

### 🤖 `/claude-code` - Claude Code Commands & Workflows
Custom slash commands, workflows, and productivity hacks for Claude Code. Level up your AI-assisted development!

- Custom slash commands
- Workflow automations
- Best practices for AI pair programming
- Team-specific configurations

### 🛠️ `/techstack` - Our Technology Stack
Deep dives into the tools and technologies we use daily.

### 📖 `/best-practices` - How We Build
Our coding standards, design patterns, and architectural decisions.

### 🎓 `/tutorials` - Learn With Us
Step-by-step guides and tutorials on various topics.

### 💡 `/tips-and-tricks` - Pro Tips
Quick wins and productivity boosters from the team.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone [your-repo-url]

# Explore Claude Code commands
cd claude-code/

# Check out our custom slash commands
ls claude-code/slash-commands/
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Got something cool to share? We'd love to see it!

1. Fork the repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-trick`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing trick'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-trick`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 House Rules

- **Share generously** - Knowledge grows when shared
- **Keep it practical** - Real examples > abstract theory
- **Stay updated** - Tech moves fast, so should our docs
- **Be kind** - We're all learning together

## 🔗 Connect With Pyrana

- [Website](#) <!-- Add your website -->
- [Twitter](#) <!-- Add your Twitter -->
- [LinkedIn](#) <!-- Add your LinkedIn -->

---

<div align="center">
  <b>Built with 💙 by the Pyrana Team</b>
  <br>
  <i>Teaching what we know, learning what we don't</i>
</div>

Commit message:

🎨🔥 Orange you glad we made it colorful? Pyrana School is LIVE!
- Painted our ASCII art in signature Pyrana orange #e78550
- Claude Code commands ready for action 🤖
- Other sections marked 'Coming Soon' (the suspense is killing us too!)
- Time to teach, learn, and share the Pyrana way! 🚀

Welcome to the school where we turn code into art! 🎓✨

README.md, after:

# 
```ansi
[38;2;231;133;80m██████╗ ██╗   ██╗██████╗  █████╗ ███╗   ██╗ █████╗ 
██╔══██╗╚██╗ ██╔╝██╔══██╗██╔══██╗████╗  ██║██╔══██╗
██████╔╝ ╚████╔╝ ██████╔╝███████║██╔██╗ ██║███████║
██╔═══╝   ╚██╔╝  ██╔══██╗██╔══██║██║╚██╗██║██╔══██║
██║        ██║   ██║  ██║██║  ██║██║ ╚████║██║  ██║
╚═╝        ╚═╝   ╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═╝╚═╝  ╚═══╝╚═╝  ╚═╝
                                                     
███████╗ ██████╗██╗  ██╗ ██████╗  ██████╗ ██╗      
██╔════╝██╔════╝██║  ██║██╔═══██╗██╔═══██╗██║      
███████╗██║     ███████║██║   ██║██║   ██║██║      
╚════██║██║     ██╔══██║██║   ██║██║   ██║██║      
███████║╚██████╗██║  ██║╚██████╔╝╚██████╔╝███████╗ 
╚══════╝ ╚═════╝╚═╝  ╚═╝ ╚═════╝  ╚═════╝ ╚══════╝[0m
```

> 🚀 **Welcome to Pyrana School** - Where we share the techstack, best practices, and collective wisdom of the Pyrana team with our fam and friends!

## 🎯 What is Pyrana School?

Pyrana School is our knowledge hub - a place where we document, share, and teach everything we've learned building awesome stuff. Whether you're part of the core Pyrana team, a friend of Pyrana, or just curious about how we roll, you'll find valuable insights here.

## 👥 Who's This For?

- **Pyrana Fam** 💙 - Our amazing team members
- **Friends of Pyrana** 🤝 - Extended network and collaborators
- **Future Pyranhas** 🐟 - Anyone interested in joining our journey

## 📚 What You'll Find Here

### 🤖 `/claude-code` - Claude Code Commands & Workflows
Custom slash commands, workflows, and productivity hacks for Claude Code. Level up your AI-assisted development!

- Custom slash commands
- Workflow automations
- Best practices for AI pair programming
- Team-specific configurations

### 🛠️ `/techstack` - Our Technology Stack
🚧 **Coming Soon** - Deep dives into the tools and technologies we use daily.

### 📖 `/best-practices` - How We Build
🚧 **Coming Soon** - Our coding standards, design patterns, and architectural decisions.

### 🎓 `/tutorials` - Learn With Us
🚧 **Coming Soon** - Step-by-step guides and tutorials on various topics.

### 💡 `/tips-and-tricks` - Pro Tips
🚧 **Coming Soon** - Quick wins and productivity boosters from the team.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone [your-repo-url]

# Explore Claude Code commands
cd claude-code/

# Check out our custom slash commands
ls claude-code/slash-commands/
```

## 🤝 Contributing

Got something cool to share? We'd love to see it!

1. Fork the repo
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-trick`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing trick'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-trick`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📝 House Rules

- **Share generously** - Knowledge grows when shared
- **Keep it practical** - Real examples > abstract theory
- **Stay updated** - Tech moves fast, so should our docs
- **Be kind** - We're all learning together

## 🔗 Connect With Pyrana

- [Website](#) <!-- Add your website -->
- [Twitter](#) <!-- Add your Twitter -->
- [LinkedIn](#) <!-- Add your LinkedIn -->

---

<div align="center">
  <b>Built with 💙 by the Pyrana Team</b>
  <br>
  <i>Teaching what we know, learning what we don't</i>
</div>
